<div align="center">
  <h3 align="center">SportsBetting</h3>
  <p align="center">React.net betting web app</p>
</div>

<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#solution-setup">Solution Setup</a></li>
	<li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Solution Setup

Setting up the solution to play the forecasting game:

→ Clone the repository
→ Build database from the edmx model
→ Build and run the web app

## Prerequisites

Target .NET Framework Version: v4.7.2

EntityFramework, Version=6.0.0.0
EntityFramework.SqlServer, Version=6.0.0.0
Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform, Version=2.0.1.0,
Microsoft.CSharp
System
System.Data
System.Drawing
System.Web.Cors, Version=5.2.7.0
System.Web.Entity
System.Web.ApplicationServices
System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations
System.Core
System.Data.DataSetExtensions
System.Web.Http.Cors, Version=5.2.7.0,
System.Xml.Linq
System.Web
System.Web.Abstractions
System.Web.Routing
System.Xml
System.Configuration
System.Runtime.Serialization
Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure, Version=1.0.0.0
Newtonsoft.Json
System.Net.Http
System.Net.Http.Formatting, Version=5.2.7.0
System.Net.Http.WebRequest
System.Web.Helpers, Version=3.0.0.0
System.Web.Http, Version=5.2.7.0
System.Web.Http.WebHost, Version=5.2.7.0
System.Web.Mvc, Version=5.2.7.0
System.Web.OptimizationSystem.Web.Razor, Version=3.0.0.0
System.Web.WebPages, Version=3.0.0.0
System.Web.WebPages.Deployment, Version=3.0.0.0
System.Web.WebPages.Razor, Version=3.0.0.0
WebGrease
Antlr3.Runtime

## Usage

→ Play sports forecast betting while trying to get winnings while iterating through the timemachine.

→ Try not to get broke, but if you do you can always add a wanted amount to your account.

→ You can always get a brand new pairs listing offer when you play all the available items or the timemachine comes to an end.

→ All of your bets and tickets history ( since the databaseb was created ) are recorded and displayed in the tickets menu item.

→ You choose as much pairs as you wish by a ticket each. You can follow your results on the tickets or the bets page as the single bets or tickets red out as they elapse.

→ Choose from the following sports offer: Football, Basketball, Snooker and Tennis; Where team/player pairs are generated by random from the database from a per Sport/Names base with no apparent team/player form/strength being applied to come up with the odds. The odds are completelly random, but once on the board, the resoults are decided by a coeficient driven random outcome.

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the MIT License.

## Contact

Lovre Šimunović - lowwwre@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/x10ss/SportsBetting](https://github.com/x10ss/SportsBetting)
